this is a very small gaming laptop it's
a 13-inch device rocking a GTX 16:50
it's the new Razer Blade stealth and
they've managed to make an incredibly
small package I can you compare this to
their 15-inch razor blade this is
already a very small 15-inch gaming
laptop and you compare it just the
footprint it is like it's tiny it's
super small in comparison now it's not
going to be the world's most powerful
gaming laptop right it obviously has
limitations because of its size but this
is a very strong performer considering
how small this device is and actually
don't think there are other 13-inch
devices out there right now that has a
gtx 1650 now the external shell of the
razer blade stealth this year it has not
changed
it just looks exactly the same as the
previous generation in terms of its
aesthetics it's like half a millimeter
thicker it's got this well-built black
aluminum chassis and it's got the triple
headed snake logo up top it is a very
nice looking laptop like razors laptops
tend to have this particular design
aesthetic and this thing just follows
suit it's not super thin though right
keep in mind that Razer built this thing
to have a little bit of room in there so
we can cool the components properly it's
still very thin and portable but it's
not like this paper-thin ultrabook okay
inside pop this open real quick you have
replaceable SSD and a replaceable Wi-Fi
card your RAM is soldered on you can't
replace that the battery down here it's
the same size as previous year it's a
seven hour battery so this is running a
1080p screen if you get the 4k screen
it's probably a little bit less than
that but on the 1080p screen around 7
hours and that's what the regular
integrated GPU now powering the system
is a 100 watt AC adapter and there's
good things and bad things to that so
the good thing is that it's got plenty
of power there's some older generations
of razor blades Stealth's that used a
smaller AC adapter I think was 65 watts
and there were times when you would be
running the system really heavily and
that AC adapter wouldn't be able to
power the system properly so that is no
longer an issue because it's got 100
watts piping into this the unfortunate
thing is there are very few monitors out
there that can pipe a hundred watts
overpowered
every to power this laptop so if you're
someone that wants to have a single
cable set up where you just have your
monitor and a single USBC cable that
connects your laptop to juice everything
up there's like two or three monitors
out there that can do it okay let's talk
about performance this is running the
10th gen Intel CPU so these are
quad-core CPUs with incredibly long
names they can't sustain boost clock for
a particularly long time for gaming it's
not too big of an issue a lot of games
don't press the CPU that hard so you're
getting pretty good frame weights for
low to moderate ly demanding games but
one thing I did notice is that this is
running a gtx 1650 max-q and if you look
at their website there's no mention that
it is a max Q GPU that comes on the
razor blade stealth so I think some
people may be misled by that I feel like
razors should be more clear that it is
kind of like the lower powered and lower
performing version of the 1650 but it is
still a very solid performer considering
it's a 13-inch device now if you were
looking at the razor blade stealth as a
potential video editing machine if
you're working with 1080p footage sure
but still for 4k footage the performance
isn't there especially when compared to
kind of like the big boy 15-inch devices
and it mostly just comes down to CPU
like these things just have much more
power hungry CPUs that can process a lot
more information this thing is running a
much lower wattage chip
now if the advantage to that is thermals
the temperatures on this device are
excellent like really really good I
think most of it is Intel CPU that 10th
turnip is quite powerful but it's also
the thermal solution here the cooling is
done quite well a lot of the other
components on the inside of the laptop
haven't changed compared to the most
recent iteration of the stealth but I'll
go through them real quick the screen is
still running that 13 inch screen it's
pretty bright and color accuracy is good
enough it has a 60 Hertz refresh rate so
it won't look as fluid as some other
high-end 15-inch gaming laptops they do
offer this model in a 4k version but
having used a lot of 13-inch devices in
both 1080p and 4k like my recommendation
for most people is to stick with 1080p
even if you do content creation and you
kind of rely on color accuracy it's just
that the 4k panels they suck up more
juice and it's almost too pixel dense
like a 1080p screen at 13 inches is
already quite sharp the speakers on the
side sound pretty good most the
comes from the bottom of the speaker
where the cadets are the upper portion
of this mesh is just a mesh of Lies I
don't think there's anything underneath
this part of it the keyboard and the
trackpad also remain unchanged they're
good like actually really like the
keyword I've gotten used to razors
keyboards over the past year because I
use the regular blade so much I still
don't like the bottom right shift key
though if you're someone who actually
uses that shift key for anything like
shift question mark or just when you
regularly type you're gonna have to get
used to this layout but if the rest of
this keyboard is quite solid it does
only have single zone RGB so the entire
keyboard has to be one color you can
switch it to whatever color you want but
if you're used to razors like crazy RGB
customization you only get one color at
a time right now the trackpad is also
really nice it's got the smooth glass
surface and it's got winners precision
drivers so they're tracking experience
is solid the overall device is on points
like there's very little I dislike about
this machine especially considering how
powerful it is for a 13-inch device
however we have not talked about its
price point and therein lies the rub
this is a very expensive device it
starts at $1,800 for the GTX 1650
equipped version and I'll let that sink
in 1800 US dollars now last year I did a
video on the 2018 razor blade stealth
and I said that device was too expensive
because there were competitors on the
market that were selling something
similar like similarly configured for a
few hundred dollars cheaper this year
however there is no competitor no one
else is making a 13-inch device with a
GTX 1615 it so as expensive as this
thing is they're really the only people
with this product so in theory they can
charge whatever they want and that's
kind of how Razer does their stuff
sometimes like when they have a unique
product that no one else has they jack
up the price it's kind of like their
monitor I showed it a couple times in
this video the Razer Raptor it's a very
aesthetically pleasing device it's got
these green cables that no other monitor
has it's got this look that is super
unique it's very iconic to Razer but
it's expensive that things 700 bucks
it's a good monitor but you are paying a
bit of a premium just to have that
design aesthetic and the same thing
applies here you can't get this anywhere
else so if you have the money I don't
think
you'll be disappointed it does offer a
very unique experience and it's a good
one
but if you're in a budget this is
clearly not a value oriented device okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it
subs if you'd love to see you guys next
time
you